To add or modify data in your application, you need to accept user input.
This is done using HTML forms.
Forms are not complicated.
You need to create a view file and just put the HTML markup for the form.
Let's make a view called create for the posts.
The same name as the action name responsible for showing the form in the resource controller.
This view will extend the base layout.
And have two sections.
Title and content.
Forums that create data needs to send a post request, so said the method to post.
Then you need forum's input, controls the text input for the title.
And text area.
For the content.
Then I submit button is needed.
To actually submit the form contents.
Every form needs the Eurail, it will send the data to specified in the action attribute, we do know
there your IS posts, but we won't put this Eurail in the markup directly because we use the resource
controller.
We know all we need to remember is the resource name bank posts in our case and the name of the action
that stores data in the database.
And it's called Stora.
You can now print that you are using master syntax and the root helper using the root name bank posts
store.
Remember that we need to enable to create and store routes first onto a resource controller for posts.
So you do that in the Web file where the rerouting is defined and you can create and store to the list
of enabled routes.
Then we also have to remember that to actually render the form, we need to tell the create action to
do that by returning the view function and telling it the name of the template which is supposed to
create.
Let's visit the euro with the form and try to save it.
The URL is post slash, create, this is our form, not the best looking form in the world, but that's
not our goal.
Currently, let's try to save it by putting some random data.
Oops.
419 error page expired.
Well, don't worry.
This is Laravel protection from Crosseyed request forgery Ceaser have insured and we need a separate
lecture to talk about the CSA ref.